.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH sigul-pesign-bridge 1  "sigul-pesign-bridge 0.2.1" 
.SH NAME
sigul\-pesign\-bridge \- An alternative to the pesign daemon interface
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBsigul\-pesign\-bridge\fR [\fB\-c\fR|\fB\-\-config\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] <\fIsubcommands\fR>
.SH DESCRIPTION
An alternative to the pesign daemon interface.
.PP
The Unix socket this service offers can be used by pesign\-client. Rather than signing the PE file, however, this application will act as a sigul client and forward it to a sigul signing server.
.PP
Log configuration is provided using the "SIGUL_PESIGN_BRIDGE_LOG" environment variable with one or more comma\-separated directives. In short, filters can be plain verbosity levels ("trace", "debug", "info", "warn", "error"), or more complex filtering at the model, span, or event level.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
Path to the configuration file.

If no path is provided, the defaults are used. To view the service defaults, run the `config` subcommand.
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBSIGUL_PESIGN_BRIDGE_CONFIG\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR [default: WARN,sigul_pesign_bridge=INFO]
A set of one or more comma\-separated directives to filter logs.

The general format is "target_name[span_name{field=value}]=level" where level is one of TRACE, DEBUG, INFO, WARN, ERROR.

Details: https://docs.rs/tracing\-subscriber/0.3.19/tracing_subscriber/filter/struct.EnvFilter.html#directives
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBSIGUL_PESIGN_BRIDGE_LOG\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
sigul\-pesign\-bridge\-listen(1)
Run the service
.TP
sigul\-pesign\-bridge\-config(1)
Print the current service configuration to standard output
.TP
sigul\-pesign\-bridge\-help(1)
Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)
.SH VERSION
v0.2.1
